# lazyLoading
For lazyLoading.html:
This program uses lazy loading to load a set of divs that can contain different data. As the user scrolls, more of these div elements will be loaded and rendered.
The program first creates an array of 250,000 pieces of test data and stores them. When the page is loaded, the initial 50 divs are loaded with their inner HTMl taken from the corresponding array index and rendered with the special-div class css style. The remaining divs are created with a return line and added to the page, but not rendered. As the user scrolls down, the function render() on line 59 is called to change the inner HTML of the div to the data from the corresponding index in the array and then rendered. Each scroll downwards fills and renders four divs at a time.
This program was created to hopefully be exteneded to include infinite scrolling for a different type of data to be rendered.
For lazyloading2Directions.html:
This file is a continuation of the previous file, lazyLoading.html, but attempting to provide lazy loading when scrolling upwards along with downwards. Div elements will both render and derender depending on the scrolling direction while keeping a visible 50 divs that should be within the users view, and these 50 visible divs will shift with the scrolling direction.
Like lazyLoading.html, lazyLoading2Directions.html first creates an array of 250,000 pieces of test data and stores them. When the page is loaded, the initial 50 divs are loaded with their inner HTMl taken from the corresponding array index and rendered with the special-div class css style. The remaining divs are created with a return line and added to the page, but not rendered. As the user scrolls, the function render() on line 59 is called to change the inner HTML of the div to the data from the corresponding index in the array and then rendered. Each scroll renders and derenders one div from either end of the 50 visible divs. If the user scrolls downward, an element will be rendered at the bottom of the 50 and one will be derendered at the top of 50. The reverse is true if the user scrolls upward.
